Zackary L. Boman
(801) 589-0692 — 2528 N Elm Drive Lehi, UT 84043 zack.boman@gmail.com — www.zackboman.com
Summary of Qualifications:
 Computing Languages: Javascript, HTML, CSS, Java, Python, C# and SQL
 Graphic Design: Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Acrobat, Microsoft Publisher
 Web Design: Layout, User Interface, User Experience
 Server Side: Node.js and ASP.NET
 Fluent in Spanish, both verbal and written
To view work samples, coding examples and other projects, please visit www.zackboman.com/work-samples
Education:
Utah Valley University Anticipated: April 2014 Orem, Utah  Bachelors of Science in Computer Science
 Coursework Completed:
 Internet Software Development  Database Theory
 Advanced Software Engineering  Analysis of Programming Languages  Introduction to Python  Discrete Structures
Work Experience:
AboutOne LLC
Client-side/Mobile App Developer March 2012— Present Lehi, Utah
 Design/create mobile iOS/Android apps using PhoneGap  Create statistics gathering service via Node.js web server  Add new functionality to AboutOne.com web app  Restyle existing AboutOne.com web pages using CSS
Neovest, Inc.
Quality Assurance Intern April 2011— March 2012 Orem, Utah
 Designed and wrote automated regression tests in Java  Worked with lead developers to ensure that issues were fixed  Manually tested software each day before nightly build release  Worked with the QA team to find and fix software bugs
Utah County 4H Mentoring
Site Coordinator July 2009 – April 2011 Provo, Utah
 Recruit college-age mentors to work with youth.  Planned and executed monthly activities for youth and families.
I am ambitiously motivated, self-reliant, and determined to accomplish everything I set my mind to. My tenacity for work and love of a challenge enable me to complete tasks on time and efficiently. I am well organized, professional and enjoy getting to know others.
Other Involvement:
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
Full-Time Missionary May 2007 – May 2009  Worked with Hispanic families and individuals on a volunteer basis.  Called to various leadership positions.
 Learned to speak Spanish fluently.
Boy Scouts of America
Eagle Scout 2003
Cub Scout Leader May 2011—Nov 2012
Long Beach, CA
Bountiful, Utah Orem, Utah